Qi Tian, can you order your face?
President Liang must know rich and powerful people
Do you still want to lie to President Liang?
President Liang, this Qi Tian
Just to deliberately disrupt our new product launch event
make trouble
Is there any misunderstanding?
No misunderstanding.
This thoughtful
Just deceived me with the rotten goods from the stall
I exposed it on the spot
Yes, he has been annulled by us.
He's still hanging around here hey
I've never seen anyone with such smart teeth
The marriage is broken, right?
My current son-in-law?
It's Ichiro Zuoi, right?
Zuojing
Hey
Mr. Qi
Your ring.
Isn't identity simple?
Oh forgive me forgive you
Why do you need a contract?
This contract
I'm looking at Mr. Qi
After knowing each other for many years
A gift for Mr. Qi's fiancee
The engagement has now been annulled
This contract
There is no need to report
What? This contract was given by Qi Tian